Results should also contain: 
1. highlight the errors
2. No. Of words in main content uploaded by Admin
3. Also show the content uploaded by Admin in result

There should be a payment portal for the new student to pay the amount mentioned by admin in rupees via UPI, credit card, debit card, QR code, which would be valid for a month, once it expires, it will ask again for that student on login. So create a section where admin can mention the amount.
Admin should be able to enable any new student to skip payment gateway and proceed.
Admin should be able to see a list of students, date of registration and all the details, along with enabled and disabled, enabled students only can access the portal, disabled students need to go via payment gateway to access the portal.
There should be a gallery section where non-login users can also see the uploaded images.
Admin should be able to upload pictures and pdfs to be visible in gallery.
Add city and state name mandatory for new students to enter.
Register only those new students who have done the payment successfully or allowed by the Admin to bypass it.
Create a contact us page tab on header. => having email id: pragatiprofessionalstudies@gmail.com, mobile no. 9026212705, telegram, instagram, Facebook and YouTube, add required icons also for each.
Create a landing page for any user having login and signup on header section, contact details in footer section and body should 
The body should contain the gallery section, about section
Add the provided logo in header left section.
Header should be available for all the pages.


In shorthand section, Admin should be able to upload the audio and student should be able to play that audio also, this is same as shorthand content admin was uploading, other features should be same, just audio upload should be done.


Admin should be able to create a folder and upload pdfs for the same.

Student should be able to download those uploaded pdfs which are shown folder wise and charge them for each download (open payment gateway), count the no. of pages in that pdf and make sure that payment amount is 1 rupee per page. Make sure to include back button to ease the navigation for users.


User should also be able to see the his all the results for typing and shorthand in different sections and able to download it.
The result generated by typing or shorthand should have both the contents, the uploaded section by Admin and the typed section by student and highlight mistakes also.


Allow admin and users to select language. Hindi typing and shorthand should also be allowed to get uploaded by Admin and user should be able to type in Hindi (Mangal font) and compare and generate the results.


User should be able to see only content of today, hide others
There should be an enable button for Admin to enable the previously uploaded content to show it to the user, only one content can be enabled at a time.
Don't show the uploaded date to the user
Add the 30min time also to the list of time for admin
Update the name of the application to "Pragati Shorthand and Typing" instead of Pragati Institute
Create a new functionality for shorthand test where Admin should be able to upload the content and mention the time required to type it, that content should not be available to see to the user, only user should have a text area to type his hard copy. Once the timer ends, compare the content typed by user and the content uploaded by admin and generate the result.
There should be a different section of results for Typing test and for Shorthand test, same goes for admin upload and user typing area.
Allow admin to download and print the result student-wise and list of results should have latest at the top.
There should be a filter option for admin to filter the results for a student and that can also be downloaded as a whole.
Add this logic to check for the mistakes of typing test:
The result should content: Words (no. of words typed), Time (the time assigned), Mistakes (rename the mismatches), Backspaces (no. of backspaces clicked by the user), Gross Speed and Net Speed.
Follow this logic to check the no. of mistakes: lets say user types 100 words in 5min (consider total time allocated only for this assignment by Admin), made 10 mistakes with 6 backspaces, then Gross speed = Total words typed / Total time; 
If No. of mistakes is more than Total time => Net Speed = (Total words typed - (no. of Mistakes - Total time)* Total time)/Total time
If No. of mistakes is less than or equal to Total time => Net Speed = Total words typed / Total time; 
Follow below logic for Shorthand test:
The result should content: Words (no. of words typed), Time (the time assigned), Mistakes (rename the mismatches), Result = Fail/ Pass
lets say if user types 100 words for 5min (consider total time allocated only for this assignment by Admin), always follow 5% rule, where 5% mistakes are allowed and consider the user as Passed if it is 5% or below, if it is more than that then user is failed, as in this case 100 words are typed, then upto 5 words mistake user is passed, more than 5 words mistake, it is failed.
Do a exact match of the content uploaded by the admin and content typed by the user, even a blank space should be counted.